hey friends I did a Walmart grocery haul
today I went in there for one thing and
came out with all this but I realized I
needed more than I thought so I got
shady smart underwear because when she
flips them and it's you know mom's I am
not cleaning it up
I bought her more I throw them away I
needed these heavyweight liners for our
project I'm doing they're the sheet
protectors I got these yummy Tara chips
I know I've shown you them before
they're so yummy
they're um what with vegetables the root
vegetables authors took it and then a
bag of regular potato chips
yeah I might be PMSing from this trip
you'll notice buns I want to do
shredded BBQ beef sandwiches two loaves
of bread I wanted to make bread today
but it's already 4:40 and I'm running
out of time um so I got two loaves of
bread Italian and plain bread crumbs
bagels because we have cream cheese and
the kids are gonna go crazy because I
hardly ever buy them bagels the chicken
apps at Apple
sausages and I am not seen anywhere guys
my pineapple bacon ones so if they're
gone forever I'm so sad so I'm putting
this in our chopped salad tonight those
just look good fig bars bag of mortals
and I'm going to do a cookie recipe that
I'm going to show you one that makes a
ton romaine lettuce my chopped salad
tonight I spoiled the kids in Gotham
sugar they're gonna be so happy they're
so sick of honey nut cheerios so this
one is very colossal crunch so if I
Captain Crunch is the Fruity Pebbles one
Callie has been craving fruity pebbles
for like ever
so best mom ever I got a big box of
Pringle chips for school lunches next
week because we're on spring break and
it's almost over red onion that's for
our chopped salad no key you wanted to
give this one a try that potato pasta
love it cucumbers
chicken breasts call me so I got some
boneless skinless chicken breasts for
some dinners and I will show you those
since ye fish fillets I'll show you how
I cook these up we love this fish it
pops up when it cooks it doesn't like
deflate on you and you can make it any
flavor you want
like any seasoning it's just so yummy so
I got a package of those some of the
Tomek medium cheddar like little cheese
block the kids love these and coffee I
didn't saw many more and it's so sad it
sucks if there's only ten in the package
but I got some of those Jonah will be
happy some applewood smoked bacon a
tomato cabbage for our chopped salad
bananas apple juice boxes these need
some mascara some eyeliner from
covergirl
I love the espresso it's the one I
always get and this palette of eye
shadow and some eggs like the five dozen
eggs so this hall here cost me a hundred
and forty dollars so I have a few meals
out of here I got a chopped salad this
could be two meals this is another meal
I have a roast already in the freezer so
the buns are going with barbecue the
shredded barbecue beef sandwiches and
yeah the only thing that they didn't
have that I wanted to buy today was orzo
so that was a bummer so yeah one hundred
and forty dollars and I have a few meals
that here and that is my Walmart grocery
haul I hope you guys are doing great
I'll talk to you later bye
you